I aim to provide small business/Start-ups' with an accessible, editable product to advertise their services. The server will be a linux VPS, hosted on google cloud platform.
The core aims of the application are to provide new/small local businesses with the knowledge base / and website control that they very often lack.
I aim to offer each new user, a landing page with their business details, description and brand for free for 60 Days.
This will be registered at a TLD of their choice, I will supply or advise them of reputable alternatives; Throughout the first 60 days I will provide a detailed feature-rich introduction to essential optimisation of their brand for local search. I will provide them with a myriad of tools, and tutorials over their business' startup/digital transformation period. I will be collecting feedback and analytics of SEO ranking and general best practices for the modern Web. I will tailor the tools and support to each individual organisation as they grow. The initial 60 days will be based around off site SEO for their particular service, After the 60 day term, and equipped with their Marketing toolbelt, a solid and errorless online profile, and their complimentary business landing page,
Users will be able to then upgrade to progressive web applications with dynamic content, interactive services, online payments etc.
Users will be given an high level abstraction of a cPanel version, for the purposes of uploading new pictures and articles, and in essence keep their digital presence alive and up to date, I have gained much feedback and opinion from local businesses, with and w/o web sites. I was surprised to learn that the few that had, entrusted a local web agency with their family business and livelihoods, had actually purchased a webpage, they had no idea what impact it may or may not be having on their everyday business. I found that mostly they were completely misinformed, locked out of editing and updating of the site, had no actual rights to their Domain name they had chosen and aftercare was absent from the package deal. Upon investigation I was appalled to discover that users had paid between £5000 - £10000 for the initial starting costs, which where open source templated web pages. The service being hosted and 'maintained' for an annual cost of £2500, with any updates, billed by the hour aggressively, and even systems failures were being charged onto the site owners. One user had said that he was blackmailed into continuing the subscription, with the threat of losing the 10 years of website presence he had paid for, plus losing the domain. My aims are to help new starters gain an honest service and also make well informed decisions' and be able to experience the marketing tools which are available, enabling complete transparency as to which services and resources will benefit them, which should be out-sourced and which they would just prefer to have out-sourced.

I will explicitly offer great support and guidance, on software and tools that non-IT users can use, So many people with businesses and years of skill and knowledge of their particular business, they are unaware of whats available and are led to believe that access to platforms is not available to them.
I will provide the information and the results, with with support, up to a level that they are happy to browse the cPanel and confident to optimise their own web applications. I feel that the owners of local community businesses are the most apt and dedicated of marketers for their own businesses. With the discovery of new platforms and access at minor costs in comparison, they will become valuable and loyal subscribers to marketlace apps etc.

I will have enough resource too host the license in GCP and development/testing  can be done there also, my products and services will not return an income for the first few months and such funding the project in development is at the moment an uphill struggle as I try to apply myself to a full time job as a welder, my job currently manages to feedmy family barely, proving impossible to pay for extra resources to build my app services.


